Web Experiment remote evaluation doc update (#469)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/web_experiment/en/targeting.md

If any segments match, Amplitude buckets that user into a variant based on the configured rollout and variant distribution. For a segment to match, it must meet all conditions you set.

### Local properties

> Local properties are available on the client-side without the need for network requests and can be evaluated with little to no latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local properties are available client-side and don't require network requests. This enables Amplitude to evaluate them with low latency.
```

"On the client-side" sounds like it combines "client-side" and "on the client". Went with the first option.

| Freeform properties  | Custom properties for the user set using the [`IntegrationPlugin`](/docs/web-experiment/implementation#integrate-with-a-third-party-cdp).                                                                                                                                                                                    |

### Remote properties

Remote properties enable advanced targeting based on [Amplitude ID resolution](#amplitude-id-resolution), [IP geolocation](#geolocation), [property canonicalization](#canonicalization), [behavioral cohorts](#cohort-membership), and historical [user properties](#user-properties). Targeting remote properties may increase page display latency since network requests are required.

| Parameter                  | Description                                                                                            |
|----------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Enriched User Properties   | Properties resolved via [user enrichment](/docs/feature-experiment/remote-evaluation#user-enrichment). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enriched User Properties   | Properties resolved through [user enrichment](/docs/feature-experiment/remote-evaluation#user-enrichment). |
```

| Amplitude User Properties  | Amplitude Analytics' historical user data.                                                             |
| Experiment User Properties | The variant assigned to the user in other experiments.                                                 |
| User Cohorts               | [Target](/docs/feature-experiment/cohort-targeting) a set of users defined in Amplitude.               |

#### Page display delay

> For a given page targeted by active web experiments, an [anti-flicker overlay](/docs/web-experiment/implementation#async-script-with-anti-flicker-snippet) will be injected if at least 1 experiment targets the page and has "Page Display Delay" enabled. The overlay will be removed when either the remote properties are evaluated, or after a 1-second timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a given page targeted by active web experiments, Amplitude injects an [anti-flicker overlay](/docs/web-experiment/implementation#async-script-with-anti-flicker-snippet) if at least one experiment targets the page and has "Page Display Delay" enabled. Amplitude removes the overlay  when it evaluates the remote properties, or after a 1-second timeout.
```
Passive voice

> For a given page [targeted](/docs/web-experiment/targeting#page-targeting) by active web experiments, Amplitude injects an anti-flicker overlay will be injected if at least one experiment targets the page and has "Anti-flicker" enabled. The overlay is a blank element that covers your page while it loads. Amplitude removes the overlay after it evaluates the remote properties, or after a 1-second timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a given page [targeted](/docs/web-experiment/targeting#page-targeting) by active web experiments, Amplitude injects an anti-flicker overlay if at least one experiment targets the page and has "Anti-flicker" enabled. The overlay is a blank element that covers your page while it loads. Amplitude removes the overlay after it evaluates the remote properties, or after a 1-second timeout.
```

## Bucketing

Bucketing refers to the variant a users sees, based on the rollout and distribution. Rollout is the percentage of users that should be in the experiment. Distribution defines which variant a user should see if they're in the rollout. Web Experiment distributes variants evenly by default. Amplitude recommends this distribution.

Bucketing is consistent given the user has the same ID. Since most experiments bucket by Device ID, Web Experiment may put them in a different bucket if they visit on a new device, browser, or have private browsing enabled.

> Increasing rollout doesn't re-bucket users who're already in the rollout. For example, if your experiment is rolled out to 10% of users, and you increase the rollout to 50%, the original 10% of users aren't affected. If you change the *distribution* from evenly distributed to `20% -> control, 80% -> treatment`, users who were in the control jump to the treatment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increasing rollout doesn't re-bucket users who're already in the rollout. For example, if your experiment has rolled out to 10% of users, and you increase the rollout to 50%, the original 10% of users aren't affected. If you change the *distribution* from evenly distributed to `20% -> control, 80% -> treatment`, users who were in the control jump to the treatment.
```
